# Standup for March 11, 2015

## What did you do yesterday?

Yesterday I spent a lot of time improving the way the client server serves assets.  I setup Gulp with cache busting (and configured Sinatra accordingly).  I also set it up so Angular templates are loaded into the $templatecache.

Finally, I spent a lot of time doing research on Grape.

## What are you going to do today?

* Setup the Rails app with Neo4j.  (I already have it installed locally; I will install it on production later.)
* Setup a couple basic and preliminary models using Neo4j.
* Test the Neo4j database.
* Setup a basic Grape API.
* Test the basic Grape API.

## What's in your way?

I'm having trouble (still) figuring out how to have my user "live" in both MongoDB and Neo4j.  I could use composition (a User has a Neo4jUserId) combined with delegation/forwarding to simulate a single model living in two db.  Or I could try to mash both the Mongo data and the Neo4j data into one model.

What I'm thinking right now (this may change by the end of the day) is to basically follow the two model approach.  I'm thinking of setting up a separate module for all of my Neo4j models (just to make it clearer what was going on).  Then the User model would have one Graph::User model.

Main reason for this is the divergence between Cypher and the Mongoid syntax.  Having both of these different query languages in one model just sounds like a recipe for disaster.  I also think that (conceptually) putting the Neo4j models into a separate module makes a lot of sense and avoids a lot of the "what the heck is a Neo4jUser?" conceptualizing problems.